Teamwork coordination and project goals:

Milestone 1 goals:
- 1. Display of brick layer at the top of the screen where each brick is an individual object.			11/28
- 2. Player paddle at the bottom of the screen.															11/21
- 3. A ball placed randomly between the bricks and the paddle and given a random initial direction.		11/21
- 4. Detection of when the ball hits a side wall and appropriate change in direction.					11/28
5. Detection of when the ball hits the ceiling and indication of a level completed.						11/28 and
6. Detection of when the ball hits the floor and indication of a level failed.							11/28 and
- 7. Player ability to control the paddle via keyboard or mouse interface.								11/22 and 11/28
8. Change in angle of reflection of the ball depending on where it hits the player paddle.				TBD
9. Destruction of a brick (removal from the set of bricks and from the display) when hit by the ball.	TBD

TODO: discuss at Wednesday's meeting
printing checklist from milestone 1 pdf
commit policy: commit frequently, pull/push at beginning/end of sessions
Graphics.clear() vs Graphics.blur()

TODO: Milestone 1: basic features
- add default set of bricks - done SR 11/28
move left/right press detection out of event loop (since events aren't used)
collision onto bricks/paddle, appropriate bouncing
win/loss notifications
implement angle detection for collisions, use for part 8

TODO: Milestone 1: post-completion for group
add brick generation
fix paddle collision detection (using angle detection to trim side collisions)
fix movement input (event-driven instead of polling)
clean up & comment code
add statement for commits from shared work

add gravity to ball
add bouncing effects to paddle and bricks
TODO: stuff for me to clean up
move ball velocity init code into appropriate location, also look at same for paddle







Game Design:
Need the following screens:
Loading (inits pygame, loads all assets into an asset holder class, displays progress bar)
Main menu
Game level
Pause (can be entered anytime from game level)
Between-levels (loop with this and game level screen until game is over)
Game over -> goes to a highscore screen
Highscore Input (only if user set a highscore)
Highscore Display (if user didn’t set a highscore, or after entering name)
-> return to main menu or exit

Set up structure for separating game state, logic, and rendering

Consider animation-based system.

Game screens:
Main menu:
	Fancy decorations (title, image, etc.)
	Very simple tutorial, if we choose to put it here
	Possibly display highscores here too
	Buttons for audio mute toggle, volume slider, fullscreen/windowed, and exit
	Button to start, or have it bound to a keypress

Game level:
	game goes here, press esc to pause

Between levels:
	Button to continue to next level, or go to main menu or, or quit the game

Pause:
	Options to continue, exit to main menu, and exit game. Also mute/unmute buttons. Should we show the last state of the game in the background (pictured below)? May or may not be possible, depends on how rendering is designed and performed.


Game over:
	Just a temporary screen that notifies the user the game is over, should move on to one of the highscore screens.

Highscore display:
	Simple, just show highscores, have buttons to go to main menu or exit.

Highscore input:
	Need to figure out how to implement this.
	Also, this screen needs to be reachable from the between-level and pause screen, in case the user decides to quit but has a highscore
